W-14139643-update-authorized-namespaces-kt (#1126)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/authorized-namespaces.adoc

  name: rtf-agent-sa
  namespace: default
----

> To use clustered apps in authorized namespaces mode, the following RoleBinding must be created:

Reviewer: Globally: 
To avoid the passive voice, I'd say:
"...you must create the following `RoleBinding`:"
Should it be RoleBinding or `RoleBinding`?

> If you want to use clustered apps in authorized namespaces mode, you need to create the following RoleBiding:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you want to use clustered apps in authorized namespaces mode, the following RoleBinding must be created:
```

same for others

> Additionally, if you want to use clustered apps in authorized namespaces mode, the following RoleBinding must be created:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use clustered apps in authorized namespaces mode, the following RoleBinding must be created:
```
